Adding separate READMEs for publishing (#166)
dotnet/vscode-dotnet-runtime: README.md

# .NET Runtime and SDK Installation Tools

> This repo contains two VS Code extensions, [vscode-dotnet-runtime](vscode-dotnet-runtime-extension/README.md) and [vscode-dotnet-sdk](vscode-dotnet-sdk-extension/README.md). These extensions can be used to install the .NET runtime and SDK respectively and are meant to be leveraged by other extensions which depend on these assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo contains two VS Code extensions, [vscode-dotnet-runtime](vscode-dotnet-runtime-extension/README.md) and [vscode-dotnet-sdk](vscode-dotnet-sdk-extension/README.md). The [vscode-dotnet-runtime](vscode-dotnet-runtime-extension/README.md) can be used to install the .NET runtime and is meant to be leveraged by other extensions which depend on the runtime. The.[vscode-dotnet-sdk](vscode-dotnet-sdk-extension/README.md) is a special install for internal features and not designed to be used by other extensions because it will conflict with existing SDK installations on the users machine. 
```
